Source Code :- The human understandable code written by the developers of the software.
Object Code :- The original source code which is compiled once and it is understandable by machine. 
Keywords :- They are reserved words in any programming language like int, switch they are pre defined words and can't be used as variables
variables :- They are like containers to hold information 
Variable Scope :- Scope refers to visiblity of a certain Variable, in certain part of a code. Global Variables can be accessed from anywhere and privately declared can be only accessed from there. 
Variable Lifetime: - Refers to the variable which has a valid memory upto certain timeperiod or it's allocated memory and not deleted by garbade collector
Initial Values :- The datatypes are initially given some default values like for int = 0, String = null
Access Modifiers :- The accessibility of a certain class, object or a variable by a specific parts of programs is termed as Modifiers
Selection Construct :- It points to construct where a certain selection of code executes only if certain conditions are met. this can be done with an If condition or while or relational operators.
Loop Construct :- Instead of repeteting certain code or when iterations are needed to meet some condition, then the loop constructs are used like for loop or while. 
Declare Array : int arr[] = new Array[5];
Store data in array and process elements : Data can be stored in arrays with their index and while processing many kinds of internal methods can be used like sort, equals or fill


Pointers :- Pointer is a kind of variable which is used to store the address of another variable, so this points to that variable in the memory. In java this is done with references
Functions :- A procedure or a reusable block of code which can be called any number of times in a code, it can return values back or can also print.
Memory Allocation :- When a variable or an object is created, certain storage is allocated for that variable. 
DeMemory Allocation :- When a variable which is assigned a store isn't been used anywhere of the code, it doesn't store any useful information and is eligible for deletion and it is bone by Garbage Collector.
Memory Leakage :- When a certain memory is allocated to a variable and isn't cleared even when not using it is termed as memory Leakage


Data Structures :- Data Structures are a way of organizing a certain kind of data avaiable based on kind of application or speed or accessibility to search in a specific data and ordered accordingly. LinkedList, Stack, Queue, Binary Tree etc can be considered as Data Structures.
Queue :- It is a datastructure which follows FIFO, where there are front and rear of a queue, initially, the front and rear points to the same block if the queue is empty.
         Enqueue :- Inserting a new element to the queue, the front stays the same and rear updates to the next index.
         Dequeue :- Deleteing an element from the front, the front item is deleted and all the next elements shifts before.
Stack :- It's a sequential access which follows last in first out strategy, with data members as top and methods as push, pop, peek.
         Push :- It adds a new element to the stack at the top
         Pop :- It removes an element at the top
LinkedList :-  Both Sequential and Random Access, Dynamically allocated, can be inserted dynamically, 
               can also insert at first, last, middle and can access them with an index or continous with iteration. 
               They can also be used to store collection of data but easy to access, insert, delete and update.

Binary Tree :- It's a tree datastructure in which every node has data, and address of left and right nodes. The first node is called root node and remaining are all the children of it.
